.travis.yml
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
pylintrc
requirements-all.txt
requirements-docs.txt
requirements-examples.txt
requirements-test.txt
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
versioneer.py
docs/Makefile
docs/MoDyPy_Logo.ico
docs/MoDyPy_Logo.svg
docs/conf.py
docs/guide.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/make.bat
docs/math.rst
docs/propeller.png
docs/api/api.rst
docs/api/blocks.rst
docs/api/model.rst
docs/api/utils.rst
docs/api/packages/linearization.rst
docs/api/packages/simulation.rst
docs/api/packages/steady_state.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/aerodyn.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/discont.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/discrete.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/elmech.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/linear.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/rigid.rst
docs/api/packages/blocks/sources.rst
docs/api/packages/model/events.rst
docs/api/packages/model/ports.rst
docs/api/packages/model/states.rst
docs/api/packages/model/system.rst
docs/api/packages/utils/uiuc_db.rst
docs/guide/01_integrator.rst
docs/guide/01_integrator_schematic.svg
docs/guide/01_integrator_simulation.png
docs/guide/01_integrator_simulation_coarse.png
docs/guide/02_pendulum.rst
docs/guide/02_pendulum.svg
docs/guide/02_pendulum_simulation.png
docs/guide/03_planet_orbit.rst
docs/guide/03_planet_orbit.svg
docs/guide/03_planet_orbit_distance.png
docs/guide/03_planet_orbit_trajectory.png
docs/guide/04_bouncing_ball.rst
docs/guide/04_bouncing_ball.svg
docs/guide/04_bouncing_ball_no_event.png
docs/guide/04_bouncing_ball_simulation.png
docs/guide/05_dc_engine.png
docs/guide/05_dc_engine.rst
docs/guide/05_dc_engine_blocks.svg
docs/guide/05_dc_engine_schematic.svg
docs/guide/05_dc_engine_simulation.png
docs/guide/06_dc_engine_sampling.png
docs/guide/06_dc_engine_sampling.rst
docs/guide/06_dc_engine_sampling_blocks.svg
docs/guide/07_tank_flow.svg
docs/guide/07_water_tank.rst
docs/guide/08_linearization.rst
examples/.gitignore
examples/dcmotor.py
examples/quadcopter_trim.py
examples/rigidbody.py
examples/guide/01_integrator.py
examples/guide/02_pendulum.py
examples/guide/03_planet_orbit.py
examples/guide/04_bouncing_ball.py
examples/guide/05_dc_engine.py
examples/guide/06_dc_engine_sampling.py
examples/guide/07_water_tank.py
examples/guide/08_linearization.py
modypy/__init__.py
modypy/_version.py
modypy/linearization.py
modypy/simulation.py
modypy/steady_state.py
modypy.egg-info/PKG-INFO
modypy.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
modypy.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
modypy.egg-info/requires.txt
modypy.egg-info/top_level.txt
modypy/blocks/__init__.py
modypy/blocks/aerodyn.py
modypy/blocks/discont.py
modypy/blocks/discrete.py
modypy/blocks/elmech.py
modypy/blocks/linear.py
modypy/blocks/rigid.py
modypy/blocks/sources.py
modypy/model/__init__.py
modypy/model/events.py
modypy/model/ports.py
modypy/model/states.py
modypy/model/system.py
modypy/utils/__init__.py
modypy/utils/uiuc_db.py
tests/test_blocklib.py
tests/test_discont.py
tests/test_linear.py
tests/test_linearization.py
tests/test_simulation.py
tests/test_steady_state.py
tests/test_utils.py
tests/fixtures/models.py
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy___init___py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks___init___py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_aerodyn_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_discont_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_discrete_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_elmech_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_linear_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_rigid_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_sources_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_linearization_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model___init___py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_events_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_ports_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_states_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_system_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_simulation_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_steady_state_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_utils___init___py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_utils_uiuc_db_py.html
tests/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_version_py.html
tests/htmlcov/coverage_html.js
tests/htmlcov/favicon_32.png
tests/htmlcov/index.html
tests/htmlcov/jquery.ba-throttle-debounce.min.js
tests/htmlcov/jquery.hotkeys.js
tests/htmlcov/jquery.isonscreen.js
tests/htmlcov/jquery.min.js
tests/htmlcov/jquery.tablesorter.min.js
tests/htmlcov/keybd_closed.png
tests/htmlcov/keybd_open.png
tests/htmlcov/status.json
tests/htmlcov/style.css
tests/model/test_events.py
tests/model/test_ports.py
tests/model/test_states.py
tests/model/test_system.py
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy___init___py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks___init___py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_aerodyn_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_discont_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_discrete_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_elmech_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_linear_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_rigid_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_blocks_sources_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_linearization_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model___init___py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_events_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_ports_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_states_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_model_system_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_simulation_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_steady_state_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_utils___init___py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_utils_uiuc_db_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/_Ralf Gerlich_git_modypy_modypy_version_py.html
tests/model/htmlcov/coverage_html.js
tests/model/htmlcov/favicon_32.png
tests/model/htmlcov/index.html
tests/model/htmlcov/jquery.ba-throttle-debounce.min.js
tests/model/htmlcov/jquery.hotkeys.js
tests/model/htmlcov/jquery.isonscreen.js
tests/model/htmlcov/jquery.min.js
tests/model/htmlcov/jquery.tablesorter.min.js
tests/model/htmlcov/keybd_closed.png
tests/model/htmlcov/keybd_open.png
tests/model/htmlcov/status.json
tests/model/htmlcov/style.css